README.md, before:

# jQuery Moment Picker

A backbone + moment.js date picker

## Getting Started
Download the [production version][min] or the [development version][max].

[min]: https://raw.github.com/jonotron/jquery.moment.picker/master/dist/jquery.moment.picker.min.js
[max]: https://raw.github.com/jonotron/jquery.moment.picker/master/dist/jquery.moment.picker.js

In your web page:

```html
<script src="jquery.js"></script>
<script src="dist/jquery.moment.picker.min.js"></script>
<script>
jQuery(function($) {
  $.awesome(); // "awesome"
});
</script>
```

## Documentation
_(Coming soon)_

## Examples
_(Coming soon)_

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [grunt](https://github.com/cowboy/grunt).

_Also, please don't edit files in the "dist" subdirectory as they are generated via grunt. You'll find source code in the "src" subdirectory!_

## Release History
_(Nothing yet)_

## License
Copyright (c) 2012 Jonathan Bowers  
Licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Remove the generated readme, more detailed description
The old readme was generated by something (probably yeoman), and didn't describe anything about moment.picker.

README.md, after:

# jQuery Moment Picker

A backbone + moment.js date picker.

## Why another date picker?

I wanted a date picker that did not make too many UI assumptions (forcing you to use a popover/popunder), but did make some assumptions about the environment it was used in (backbone view with events, returning moments).

It tries to be as small as possible, and use libraries that you are already using.

It is suitable to be placed on a screen as is so as to be easily touched (on touch devices)

## Documentation
_(Coming soon)_

## Examples
_(Coming soon)_

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [grunt](https://github.com/cowboy/grunt).

_Also, please don't edit files in the "dist" subdirectory as they are generated via grunt. You'll find source code in the "src" subdirectory!_

## Release History
_(Nothing yet)_

## License
Copyright (c) 2012 Jonathan Bowers  
Licensed under the MIT license.
